[MUSIC] This lecture is a brief
introduction to the course. We'll then do cover
the objectives of the course. The prerequisites and the course format,
the reference books and how to complete the course. The objectives of the course
are the following. First we would like to cover
the basic concepts and practical techniques in text data mining. So this means we will not be able to cover
some advance the techniques in detail but rather we are going to choose
the practical useful techniques and then treat them in more depth. We are going to also cover the basic
concepts that are very useful for many applications. The second objective is to cover more
general techniques for text data mining. So we emphasise the coverage
of general techniques that can be applicable to any
text in any natural language. We also hope that these techniques
to either automatically work on problems without any human effort
or only requiring minimum human effort. So these criteria have helped us to choose techniques that can be
applied to many applications. This is in contrast to some
more detailed analysis of text data particularly using natural
language processing techniques. Now, such techniques
are also very important. And they are indeed necessary for
some of the protections where we would like to go in depth to
understand the text data in more detail. Such detailed understanding
techniques however are generally not scalable and they tend to
require a lot of human effort. So they cannot be easy to
applied into any domain. So as you can imagine in practice it
would be beneficial to combine both kinds of techniques using
the general techniques that we'll be covering in this course as a basis. And improve these techniques
by using more human effort whenever it's appropriate
We also would like to provide a hands on experience
to you in Macro aspects. First, you can look at some experience
was using a text mining toolkit and implementing text mining algorithms. Second, you have the opportunity to
experiment with some algorithms for text reminding and
physics to try them on some data sets and to understand how to do experiments. And finally you have
opportunity to participate in a competition of a text-based
prediction task. You are expected to know the basic concept
of computer science for example data structures and some other really
basic concepts in computers science. You are also expected to be
familiar with programming and comfortable with programming,
particularly with C++. This course however is
not about programming, so you are not expected
to do a lot of coding. but we're going to do give you a C++
toolkit that's fairly sophisticated so you have to be comfortable
with handling such a toolkit. And you may be asked to write
a small amount of code. It's also useful if you
know some concepts and techniques in probability and statistics,
but it is not necessary, knowing such analogy will help you understand
some of the algorithm in more depth. The format of the course is lectures plus quizzes that will be given
to you in a regular basis. And there is also an optional
programming assignment. Now, we've made programming assignments
optional not because it's not important, but because we suspect that not
all of you will have the need for computing resources to do
the programming assignment. So naturally, we would encourage all of you to try
to do the programming assignment. If possible as that would be a great
way to learn about the knowledge that would teach in this course. The main reference book for this course
is a recent book that Sean Massung and I have co-authored. The title is Text Data Management and Analysis A practical introduction to
information retrieval and text mining. However this reference book is not
required in the sense that if we follow all the lecture videos closely then you should have little problems because
working on the quiz problems and will program your assignment
to pass the course. However the book would be useful
to give you a high level and systematic description of all the topics
covered in this course plus some others. It would also help you understand
some topics in more depth. So if you problems with following some of
the videos the book may be useful to you. The book is also the reference book for
another book. If you are interested in buying the book,
there's a link here. And there should be substantial discount
for the students of this course. There are also quite a few other
useful reference books and ratings. And they are available though
the link at the bottom of this slide. [MUSIC]